when setting menus, they can now also menus with multiple pages
If you plan to release blue-ray on Blu-ray
supports this feature on DVD
it does not work we change that z
We are looking for a hand like this the miners out of this study
and here appreciated the possibility
There to make appropriate adjustment
At the moment this menu does not contain any ideas
we go there the pages palette
and if I say here in the menu now
Add new pages
then pay attention to what he puts here in the Ihme Palette he is coming
do not give a new one eg train add the new page
we can now see here we draw with it
a z for page 1 by double clicking on it i can use the page as well
For example, Team Chance to say VAT more
Info
under Linux a new page
but still add new page
there is still contact Rathaus Ost
as linked and now between these pages
I can now jump between pages and jump here
and we see I am here at the moment
so called pages 0
you can see that when I look at Georg Tryba page numbers Ullrich
I did Page 1 and we are different
all elements of page 0 so all the elements here
normal
all the buttons are visible now I am now in
the
since then more info or
still one click likes
however, had contact
so it does not matter what you say about that
select here
whether over typed in the smoothness accident here in the menu
I'm now on the page more info the buttons
in the country March to 4
disappear
Gamer in the library and look us
a fitting
new button
and there I can, for example, I would like to have another one here
just take off your clothes
No, my second statute
and align the other rooms
and then he left again
third miller one
5 4
a notice surfaces to here maybe a normal one
if people think the chamber employee's instructor
presses
achso customs clearance on that
we push back market Exelon
but collected
these show go
Adrian thinks of adding such a menu as she is rising to this
Element could have added a text
one is taking extract page
and here
you can do more
formations
write
Fri drew with it
and from the a-team so far
in larger cities in between pages and forth
insofar you can see this individual
just add individual content in the form of images also
everything that is here
into the layer palette, so to speak, we are now seeing here
on the page more information
and a text
additional Information
which element they now add objects to each
the level 0
There item will be added there or after all the individual pages here
they just add something
linking now such pages that
John, you have to plus Dirk Hammann
we always say when we have the DVD
do not want to start with the menus
and we are now in the flow of the chamber with making it a little bigger
maximize
then you are here now
the page 0 and the pages more information and contact
and just like that one can link here too can not for example from
a definite page here now i want to say here
refer the mini
or if a movie minstrel from then on
and 7 for Peter on it when the movie is played payer Knight Link on
Roof can link here on the
1 add how much their connection from Pechsteins
Name of the movie played St
be it so then you can just the link between in different
Again, perform pages
but you also have the opportunity to cover afterwards
Sites like cinema on the blu-ray disc directly
to go on a certain time if I pind now here in this menu
what then in the chats ackern
you go to the next page
that is if you do not set it by buttons information the pages
on the blu-ray disc
1 sent in
Hein next page 0 more info ab AK timeless thank you note 2 played
just as we see it here in the layer palette for the menu
Wittmanns also can build a photo the fasting Topshop though only
to make this clip with the author
Give Candan the name of the page Well then the possibility here
add more content
to take that before is in Photoshop
who has no time is new coding sza light bracket on rhombus
use for pages
Pages can be used not only in normal minis but also in pop
superseded
if I go here now
Emma should copy and paste Korte da from the spot
and I say here now
that we do the whole
the Blue Port Bou
want to use
then we're off here at Blue Pop
since the sides of ZDF of course keep all other elements
Buttons are automatically hidden selecting a pop-art endeavor
he only supports
Buttons but nonetheless
also the possibility in a Bluepost
who can use his function
in terms of function can save a lot of time and Jan by applying a
blu-ray disc
RP the ability to easily put more content in a menu
where I had to make a lot of different menus before
A disadvantage is that it is not the one from the compact Tel
that is the individual subpages
do not show up on the DVD
then you have to maybe
but alternatives application
for the animals clock on page 0 quasi take place